I'm ready to go abroad.
Why is that?
Because you want to inherit the family property?
So I'm going to go out and study first
I see.
Then Brother Muchen, you must take care of your health abroad.
I know a little
Oh oh
Do you have something on your head to help you?
Come on in, he's waiting inside.
Yeah, sure.
Oh.
I have a two o'clock flight.
Go now
Are you in such a hurry?
I haven't prepared anything for you yet
No need to suck it, just pour it.
Want a true hug
Why don't you get more sleep?
I can't sleep without you.
Oops baby just kicked me
Is he saying hello to me?
What do you mean?
It's only been a few months, how could I kick you?
I don't care! He's always kicking me!
Your little emotions mean a lot to me
miss
I'm glad I didn't lose you.